Removes the old implementation of sourcelink and uses the newer one  present in the .net SDK (#2666)
octokit/octokit.net: docs/debugging-source.md

![F11 step into symbol](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/359239/5389259/74600502-8149-11e4-94f7-10dc79a0573f.gif)

You can then set subsequent breakpoints inside the source code, to return to
in the debugging session.

### Acknowledgements

> Thanks to previous of [Cameron Taggart](http://blog.ctaggart.com/) and the newer implementation of
> [SourceLink](https://github.com/dotnet/sourcelink) which we use
> to support this behaviour.

Reviewer: I had a couple small grammatical suggestions, and I also don't think we should link to an HTTP-only personal site. Thoughts? 
```suggestion
Thanks to Cameron Taggart for the initial implementation and the .NET foundation for ongoing support of [SourceLink](https://github.com/dotnet/sourcelink) which we use to provide source debugging.
```

Another option might be to link to his GitHub page as the current Source Link [repo does](https://github.com/dotnet/sourcelink/blob/main/README.md?plain=1#L9).
